roles/nginx/README.md, before:

# selfhosted.nginx

Installs [nginx-proxy-manager](https://github.com/NginxProxyManager/nginx-proxy-manager) - a Docker container for managing Nginx proxy hosts with a simple, powerful interface.

## Role Variables

- `nginx_version`
  - Default: `latest`
  - Description: The version of nginx-proxy-manager to install. See [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/jc21/nginx-proxy-manager/tags).
  - Type: str
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_http`
  - Default: `80`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_https`
  - Default: `443`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_admin`
  - Default: `81`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager's admin interface will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_install_dir`
  - Default: `/opt/docker/nginx`
  - Description: The directory where nginx-proxy-manager will be installed.
  - Type: str
  - Required: no
- `nginx_env`
  - Default: See [nginx_env_default](./vars/main.yml)
  - Description: Docker container environment variables. See [docs](https://nginxproxymanager.com/advanced-config/#advanced-configuration).
  - Type: dict
  - Required: no
- `nginx_docker_settings`
  - Default: See [nginx_docker_settings_default](./vars/main.yml)
  - Description: Docker container settings.
  - Type: dict
  - Required: no

## Dependencies

- [community.docker](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/community/docker/index.html)

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: localhost

  roles:
    - artyorsh.selfhosted.nginx
``` 

## Disable IPv6

```yaml
- hosts: localhost

  vars:
    nginx_env:
      disable_ipv6: "true"

  roles:
    - artyorsh.selfhosted.nginx
```

Commit message:

fix roles/documentation errors (#4)
- duplicati: update example playbook
- forgejo: define forgejo_docker_settings and pass UID and GID to docker (see https://github.com/go-gitea/gitea/issues/22322\#issuecomment-2081698501)
- filebrowser: define filebrowser_docker_settings
- paperless_ai: define paperless_ai_docker_settings and remove authelia references
- paperlessngx: define paperlessngx_docker_settings and remove authelia references, add note on docker networks
- rss: define rss_docker_settings
- wgeasy: define wgeasy_docker_settings, add note on docker networks
- adguardhome: fix /etc/systemd/resolved.conf modifications (see https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdGuardHome/wiki/Docker\#resolved), fix "unexpected permissions warning" by setting making /opt/docker/adguardhome perm=0700 
- authelia: fix example playbook readme
- changedetection: define changedetection_docker_settings
- cloudflare: add cloudflare_tunnel_uuid_or_name variable (see https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/get-started/tunnel-useful-terms/\#tunnel-uuid)
- nginx: add note on docker networks

roles/nginx/README.md, after:

# selfhosted.nginx

Installs [nginx-proxy-manager](https://github.com/NginxProxyManager/nginx-proxy-manager) - a Docker container for managing Nginx proxy hosts with a simple, powerful interface.

[!NOTE]
> The role is tested to run on a bridge network.
> Running on host network (which is the default) may cause issues with binding.

## Role Variables

- `nginx_version`
  - Default: `latest`
  - Description: The version of nginx-proxy-manager to install. See [tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/jc21/nginx-proxy-manager/tags).
  - Type: str
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_http`
  - Default: `80`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_https`
  - Default: `443`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_port_admin`
  - Default: `81`
  - Description: The port on which nginx-proxy-manager's admin interface will be accessible.
  - Type: int
  - Required: no
- `nginx_install_dir`
  - Default: `/opt/docker/nginx`
  - Description: The directory where nginx-proxy-manager will be installed.
  - Type: str
  - Required: no
- `nginx_env`
  - Default: See [nginx_env_default](./vars/main.yml)
  - Description: Docker container environment variables. See [docs](https://nginxproxymanager.com/advanced-config/#advanced-configuration).
  - Type: dict
  - Required: no
- `nginx_docker_settings`
  - Default: See [nginx_docker_settings_default](./vars/main.yml)
  - Description: Docker container settings.
  - Type: dict
  - Required: no

## Dependencies

- [community.docker](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/community/docker/index.html)

## Example Playbook

```yaml
- hosts: localhost

  vars:
    nginx_docker_settings:
      network: "my-docker-network"
      puid: "1000" # id -u
      pgid: "1000" # id -g

  roles:
    - artyorsh.selfhosted.nginx
``` 

## Disable IPv6

```yaml
- hosts: localhost

  vars:
    nginx_docker_settings:
      network: "my-docker-network"
      puid: "1000" # id -u
      pgid: "1000" # id -g
    nginx_env:
      disable_ipv6: "true"

  roles:
    - artyorsh.selfhosted.nginx
```
